Update cloning-a-repository.md (#15691)
github/docs: content/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository.md

- You can connect using HTTPS. For more information, see "[HTTPS cloning errors](/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/https-cloning-errors)."
- You have permission to access the repository you want to clone. For more information, see "[Error: Repository not found](/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/error-repository-not-found)."

> - The default branch you want to clone still exists. For more information, see above paragraph: "have permission to access the repository you want to clone". For more information, see "[Error: Remote HEAD refers to nonexistent ref, unable to checkout](/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/error-remote-head-refers-to-nonexistent-ref-unable-to-checkout)."

Reviewer: I can see why you made this change, but I think this is an example of a copy and paste that went wrong. I think the correct fix is to delete this extra text and update the URL:

```suggestion
- The default branch you want to clone still exists. For more information, see "[Error: Remote HEAD refers to nonexistent ref, unable to checkout](/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/troubleshooting-cloning-errors#error-remote-head-refers-to-nonexistent-ref-unable-to-checkout)."
```
